Go away
Don't be angry, son.
My friend is in real estate in Shaoxing
I found a few votes while digging the foundation
If you like it, I'll ask him to send some over
Son oops
Thanks, Dad
I told him to be capable, don't exaggerate
Dad
discerning eyes
young and promising
What a rare genius in a century
Son, you can't help it.
Just lucky
Modesty, in addition
I found that since the little girl met you
He doesn't pay much attention to your business with our family
Dad, how can I have it?
Falling in love is important
But young people still focus on their careers
Especially learning from him.
Dad, I actually want to discuss something with you today
I can't do business at home
Really?
Shut up
Dad, I have a new idea
I don't know if there is such an enemy
But it's okay to say
As long as you don't carelessly kill relatives or occupy the enemy's camp
That's fine, you really deserve to be my father
That's exactly what I mean.
And to join our family
The biggest counterpart in the future
You girl!
Family can not
You have to let me hug my grandson sooner
Uh-huh.